README.md, before:

Individuals Charges API
========================
This API allows software packages to show and provide a taxpayers' financial data for their charges. For pension charges a developer can:
* retrieve pension charges
* create and amend pension charges
* delete pension charges

## Requirements
- Scala 2.12.x
- Java 8
- sbt 1.3.7
- [Service Manager](https://github.com/hmrc/service-manager)

## Development Setup

Run from the console using: `sbt run` (starts on port 9765 by default)

Start the service manager profile: `sm --start MTDFB_CHARGES`

## Running tests
```
sbt test
sbt it:test
```

## Viewing RAML

To view documentation locally ensure the Charges API is running, and run api-documentation-frontend:
`./run_local_with_dependencies.sh`

Then go to http://localhost:9680/api-documentation/docs/api/preview and use this port and version:
`http://localhost:9765/api/conf/1.0/application.raml`

## Reporting Issues

You can create a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/hmrc/individuals-charges-api/issues)

## API Reference / Documentation 
Available on the [Individuals Charges Documentation](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/api-documentation/docs/api/service/individuals-charges-api/1.0)

### License
This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

Commit message:

Updated changelog and support links (#77)
* Updated changelog and support links

* Updated changelog and support links

* Updated readme

README.md, after:

Individuals Charges API
========================
This API allows software packages to show and provide a taxpayers' financial data for their charges. For pension charges a developer can:
* retrieve pension charges
* create and amend pension charges
* delete pension charges

## Requirements
- Scala 2.12.x
- Java 8
- sbt 1.3.7
- [Service Manager](https://github.com/hmrc/service-manager)

## Development Setup

Run from the console using: `sbt run` (starts on port 9765 by default)

Start the service manager profile: `sm --start MTDFB_CHARGES`

## Running tests
```
sbt test
sbt it:test
```

## Viewing RAML

To view documentation locally ensure the Charges API is running, and run api-documentation-frontend:
`./run_local_with_dependencies.sh`

Then go to http://localhost:9680/api-documentation/docs/api/preview and use this port and version:
`http://localhost:9765/api/conf/1.0/application.raml`

## Changelog

You can see our changelog [here](https://github.com/hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog/wiki)

## Support and Reporting Issues

You can create a GitHub issue [here](https://github.com/hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog/issues)

## API Reference / Documentation 
Available on the [Individuals Charges Documentation](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/api-documentation/docs/api/service/individuals-charges-api/1.0)

### License
This code is open source software licensed under the [Apache 2.0 License](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).
